Previously on Smash.
What happened to the sex?
Tom and I
are not connecting.
It's really that bad?
It's just not you.
♪Ce n'est pas
ma faute♪
I wish I could
get out of this show.
I just quit Bombshell.
You're joking.
Jerry broke down.
Bombshell is finally mine.
- Ivy is free now.
- Whoo!
- Oh, sorry.
- Scott!
Julia.
♪ Tell me what I do
to rewrite this story ♪
That is a terrible idea.
We don't need
to spell out our theme.
You want to go out after this
and get a drink?
And when I direct, I tend
to get focused on something,
or someone.
[Soft piano music]
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Okay, stop there.
That reaction
is still a bit soft.
You just shrugged.
When you realize she's gone,
you're angry.
You've been played.
No, I haven't.
Well, she just
took your music.
It's your life's work.
She used you.
Uh, I have no idea
what she did yet.
I mean,
all I know right now
is that we spent
the night together,
and it was the best night
of my life.
Okay, well, I guess
we see the moment differently.
No, you see it wrong.
No offense.
None taken.
Although I don't like to think
of any idea as "wrong"
on the first day
of rehearsal.
All right, you don't want
to play angry, fine.
But do something.
You shrug up there,
they shrug out here.
All right,
reset from the top, please.
♪ Fade up on a star
♪ with it all
in her sights ♪
♪ all the love
and the lights ♪
♪ that surround her
♪ someday
she'll think twice ♪
♪ of the dues
and the price ♪
♪ she'll have to pay
I forgot
how great she is.
- ♪ But not today
- I didn't.
♪ She'll do all she can
[Cell phone ringing]
♪ For the love of one man
♪ and for millions
♪ who love from afar
♪ I'm what
you've been needing ♪
♪ it's all here
and my heart's pleading ♪
♪ let me
be your star ♪
[Cheers and applause]
[Giggles]
It's sensational.
I hate to leave,
but Agnes is waiting.
- Good luck.
- Thanks.
You left
your ringer on?
I forgot.
It's been a week.
He's not calling back.
Scott was one of my closest
friends in grad school.
I mean, we may have
had a falling out,
but that was 15 years ago.
There's no way he's still
holding on to a grudge.
Grudges don't go away.
They get bigger.
I just don't think
that's what it is.
There must be something
I'm not getting.
Yeah.
The hint.
Everyone, please enjoy
croissants and coffee
from Balthazar.
And then it's...
[Mimics whip cracking]
Back to work.
[Laughter]
You're even better than you were
the first time around.
That's because
I'm not terrified.
You're my director now.
And I'm finally Marilyn.
Oh, by the way,
I had an idea.
I feel like I need a bigger
catch breath before Star,
you know, so I can really
belt at the end.
- What do you think?
- I love it.
Whatever instincts
you have,
I want to hear
about them.
You know,
that goes for everyone.
If you have thoughts
or feelings
about your character
or the text,
come to my house tonight
and share them.
I believe,
unlike some people,
that actors have something
to contribute
apart from just doing
what they're told.
Forget Derek.
This is a whole new Bombshell.
Well, then,
if you don't mind,
I could really use a break
in act two.
I'm in every scene.
And I'm not complaining,
but I could really
use a breather.
I will look
into that.
I want my star to be
as happy as she can be.
Ivy looks amazing here,
doesn't she?
She's got
her mother's face.
And her rack.
Shame she's not as big a draw
as Leigh Conroy.
It'd make my job easier.
Why,
is there a problem?
Tom's name does not
fill the seats
the way Derek Wills' does,
so unless we drum up
some excitement,
you're going to be wandering
around Times Square
in a sandwich board.
- So tell me how to fix it.
- Perception.
The only press
on Bombshell right now
is what a hot mess
it is.
We have to turn
that around.
That was his direct.
Try his cell.
Have you been on the phone
the whole time?
I'm aging here, Sean.
I just hit menopause
while on hold.
How's our story
for the New York Times?
I was told
it was a no-go.
Well, that's impossible.
Richard Francis is the head
of the arts section.
He's a very old friend.
No one is friends
in this business.
He's the one
who passed.
Oh, he had to run
to a meeting?
Leave him a message.
"Screw you.
Love, Agnes."
Sam!
Ivy.
How long
is your break again?
A week.
Sorry, it's going
to be a little crazy
while you're here.
How's it going
up there?
Tom actually listens
to me.
He cares about what
I have to say.
Well, I'm jealous.
About the show, or that
I'm up there working with Tom?
Come on, why don't you
come upstairs and say hi?
I'm sure Tom
would love to see you.
If you remember correctly,
he's the one who ended it.
He practically pushed me
out to tour
with book of mormon.
Well, let me
push you back in.
A weird thing just happened
on my way to the bathroom.
Do I want
to hear this?
Marc thanked me
for the monologue
I'm apparently giving him
in act two.
He's a great actor.
What's a little monologue?
A sentence, which is exactly
what he has right now.
Listen, I know that you
want this to be a democracy...
Ah, ah, ah... I prefer
"an intellectual salon."
Right.
But at the end of the day,
you are the director.
You have
to be a parent.
Set strong boundaries,
or you're going to lose control
of your kids.
That was Derek's style,
and his kids were miserable.
I appreciate
your looking out for me,
but I know
what I'm doing.
For the first time in ages,
everything's coming together.
Sam?
You two looked
pretty comfy up there.
We were acting.
It didn't look
like acting.
He's been
blowing me off all week.
He barely talks
to me offstage.
Will you ask him
what's going on?
Guess who has
the casting list?
Oh, I want to see.
It's so crazy they still
haven't cast the diva.
Love her, love her.
Ooh, love to hate her.
Right?
Wow, these people are actually
coming here to meet Derek.
Why don't you
go in for it?
That role
would be perfect for you.
Derek would never
take me seriously.
Look at who
he's meeting with.
What the hell?
Lea Michele?
If you say it one more time,
she magically appears.
Do you understand anything
about this show, huh?
The point is
to come out of nowhere,
take people
by surprise.
You cast a celebrity,
it overshadows everything.
The diva is the biggest
superstar in the world, right?
She's Lady Gaga.
She's Madonna.
And if we cast a real star
to mirror that,
that would be
a big coup, all right?
I know what I'm
doing here, Jimmy.
Just let me
do my job.
Oh, I've let you do a lot of
things that I'm not cool with.
Not this one.
It's my show.
Hit it.
[Upbeat jazz music]
♪ One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight ♪
♪ one, two, three, four,
♪ one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight ♪
♪ one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight ♪
five, six ♪
♪ one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight ♪
♪ one, two, three, four,
five, six ♪
♪ one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight ♪
♪ five, six, seven, eight!
- There's a lot of friction, what they want?
- Is charming, isn't it?
Yeah, he's just a kid.
He challenges authority.
I've worked
with a lot of kids.
I've found listening
to them more effective
than ignoring
what they have to say.
I couldn't ignore that
if I tried.
You're a very big get
for this theater, Derek.
I'm aware of that.
But down here, we expect
our directors and writers
to work together.
Find some common ground.
See you
in a bit.
It's a good list.
People running lines
on a break,
fresh pastries...
This is so not like tour life,
let me tell you.
Well, you look great.
You know,
what's really a shame
is being one of the leads
in the hottest show
on tour right now,
and regretting
taking the job.
If you regret it so much,
why not come back?
No, I wasn't...
I'm sure I could
find a place for you here.
Could you
excuse us a minute?
Yeah.
You can't
offer him a role.
There's nothing left,
besides Gladys.
Even our swings
are hired.
You heard him.
He's not happy.
I can find something.
Not without
losing something.
I miss him.
He should be here.
We're not going
to lose anything, trust me.
I tried
to stop her.
Oh, you can't, Mia.
She hasn't stopped moving
since the '70s.
So your name
came up this morning,
and I said
to my publicist,
"there must be
some sort of mistake,
"because the Richard Francis
I know adores a good story,
he adores good theater,
and he adores me."
The problem is, you don't
have a good story, Eileen.
I am in rehearsal
for the biggest musical
yet to be seen
on Broadway,
one that I am back
in control of.
Yeah, but it's been
done to death
in the gossip columns.
Feuding actresses,
oversexed directors,
divorce, betrayal,
and not right
for the New York Times.
Richard, why don't you
come on down to rehearsal?
You can be the first reporter
to see Bombshell redux.
Perhaps you can even
find a new angle.
Ohh.
Locked in the bedroom
at your own party?
You look like me
at my sweet sixteen.
I'm going through the script,
trying to find a place for Sam.
And you're right.
There's nothing.
At least you tried.
You know what I think
you should do tonight?
Drink champagne. Have
fun with your friends.
You've earned
that much.
And tomorrow, you can tell Sam
that you couldn't make it work.
He'll understand.
Ah, I told you
he'd be in here.
What's going on?
Everyone wants to sing.
Come and play for us.
I'm working.
The man doesn't even
have a drink.
Let's get the man
a drink.
- One drink.
- One drink?
- Uh, that's my shirt.
- No, I think it's mine.
Oh, yeah,
did you, uh,
go to Fort Hamilton
in Brooklyn?
Not technically.
But see the way
the fabric's worn through?
Mm.
The neckline
is stretched out
so it falls off one shoulder
like that?
That makes it a girl's shirt.
Can I have it?
Well, you certainly look better
in it than I do, that's for sure.
Hey, what if Amanda
stole a t-shirt from Jesse
the night
they were together?
And then, later on,
he sees her wearing it
in one of her videos...
- Like she's taunting him.
- Or missing him.
You should tell Derek
about that.
Why don't you?
He doesn't really
seem interested
in anything
I have to say.
To be fair, you're not
really listening to him, either.
You may let him push you
around, but I don't have to.
I don't let him
push me around.
I didn't get him
at first,
but once I clicked
into the way he directs,
we started connecting.
No, no,
I'm pretty sure
his "connection" with you
is special.
What's that
supposed to mean?
I'm keeping
the t-shirt.
What's all this?
I've been looking
through old drafts,
trying to find you
a break in act two.
Hey, I recognize this.
It's not
from Bombshell.
It's from a musical
we were working on
about, uh, Vegas
in the '60s.
I played that
for you, remember?
Of course I do.
Why didn't you
finish it?
Because,
other than that song...
- It blew.
- Hey, I loved it.
Not going to lie,
after I heard it,
I started dusting off
my nat king Cole,
hoping one day
I'd get a chance to perform it.
Did you really?
I did. Really.
[Laughs]
[Bright piano music playing]
♪
♪ 'round and 'round
goes the wheel of love ♪
♪ some say
like Russian roulette ♪
♪ there's a jackpot
I'm dreaming of ♪
♪ I'm ready
to place my bet ♪
♪ no need to beg,
steal, or borrow ♪
♪ the future
is looking bright ♪
Both: ♪ yes, I'm laying odds
on tomorrow ♪
♪ so let's start tomorrow
tonight ♪
♪ can't you feel, baby,
we're in the chips ♪
♪ tomorrow's
our lucky day, yeah ♪
♪ I can feel gold
at our fingertips ♪
♪ we'll prosper
if we parlay, yeah ♪
♪ no time for sadness
and sorrow ♪
♪ together,
we'll fight that fight, yes ♪
All: ♪ I'm laying odds
on tomorrow ♪
♪ so let's start tomorrow
tonight ♪
♪ don't need no clover
or lucky charm ♪
♪ that rabbit can
keep his foot ♪
♪ as long as we're
walking arm in arm ♪
♪ it's aces I feel
all: ♪ so shut up
and deal ♪
♪ I know that we're
on a winning streak ♪
♪ the future can't
come too soon ♪
♪ let's climb together
to reach that peak ♪
♪ then, baby,
we'll shoot the moon ♪
♪ I'm high
as Kilimanjaro ♪
♪ and with you, Jack,
I'm ready for flight, yes ♪
All: ♪ I'm laying odds
on tomorrow ♪
♪ so let's start tomorrow
tonight ♪
Dance break!
Whoo!
♪ As long as we're
walking arm in arm ♪
♪ it's aces I feel
all: ♪ so shut up
and deal ♪
♪ oh, I know that we're
on a winning streak ♪
♪ the future can't
come too soon ♪
All: ♪ can't
♪ let's climb together
to reach that peak ♪
♪ then, baby,
we'll shoot the moon ♪
♪ I'm high
as Kilimanjaro ♪
♪ and with you, Jack,
I'm ready for flight ♪
All: ♪ yeah, I'm laying odds
on tomorrow ♪
♪ so let's start tomorrow
tonight ♪
♪ let's start tomorrow
♪ tonight
♪ ooh, whee
[cheers and applause]
Haven't used any of that
in a while.
You still got it.
Thank you.
I've missed this..
That song almost feels
like it could be in Bombshell.
Too bad Nat King Cole
didn't know Marilyn.
He could've.
He was a big supporter
of Kennedy's,
performed a ton
at his rallies.
Maybe we could introduce J.F.K.
at one of them.
Uh, I think how we meet J.F.K.
is... is just fine.
When Marilyn does.
Sam,
what do you think?
Ii mean,
I want to come home,
but you don't have to make
all those changes for me.
Call the mormons.
Tell them
you're not coming back.
I'm getting you back
in the show.
Wait, are you sure?
Can you do that?
I'm the director,
aren't I?
Oh, my God.
[Cheering]
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you, Tom.
Yep.
- Hey, what's going on?
- Hey.
I've just put together
some ideas for the show,
and I think
you're going to like them.
Uh, they're led screens.
They allow for a big range
of photographic sets.
They're from Japan,
very high tech.
That's cool,
but we're low-fi.
I figured we'd have,
you know, actual furniture.
Yeah, well, if you're not going to let
me have a name actor for the diva,
we need to make
a statement somewhere.
How about
with the show itself?
I'm just trying
to get us on the same page.
The more you talk, the
less I feel that we are.
This isn't Broadway.
What do you know
about Broadway?
Well, I know
that you're used to getting
anything you want there
and that last time,
you put so many
bells and whistles
all over everything
that no one noticed the
show had any problems
until it was too late.
Jimmy...
I'm just trying
to open your show up.
All right? That's
what a good director does.
The show doesn't
need opening up.
It needs to be true
to what it is.
Well, this is harder
than I thought.
Maybe I can
make it easier.
What do you think about Ana
auditioning for the diva?
Oh, she's super talented.
You haven't seen half
of what she can do.
And she's already here.
Look, Ana is perfect
as Jesse's sister.
Yeah,
but I just thought...
I just thought
I'd ask.
[Sleepy grunt]
[Knocks]
Hey.
Heard you were looking for me.
Where'd you get those?
Jimmy thought
I should have a look,
see what you're planning.
I'm not sure
this is the right aesthetic
for this show,
or the theater.
I thought you were
looking for size, Scott.
I'm sorry,
I'm a bit confused.
Thematically, yes,
one of the best things
about the show
is the chemistry
between your two leads.
I don't want them overwhelmed
by the staging.
That was me thinking
you wanted
to make a splash
with your first show, Scott.
Blow the town away.
Yeah, but I don't want
to bankrupt the theater
to do it.
Well, I've got five
led screens
arriving this morning.
They're all donated.
Contrary
to popular opinion,
I've got some friends
in this business.
Look, it'll
be a Broadway show
with an off-Broadway budget.
Oh, come on,
at least let me show you
what I'm thinking.
It's a little vague right now, but
picture red, white, and blue...
Where's our Marilyn?
I thought we were doing
Mr. and Mrs. Smith today.
We switched up the schedule
a little bit at the last minute.
Well, no one told me.
I have Richard Francis
from the New York Times
meeting me here
to see Ivy today.
I gave her
the morning off
so we could
play around with something.
There's a potential new number
I want to show you,
something I think
the show's been missing.
I cannot believe
that you would do this
without my approval.
You're going
to love Tom's Bombshell.
It's a much more
elegant take...
Well, you call in Ivy
right now!
- Why don't we wait outside?
- Great idea.
Eileen... Hold on. Not until
I show it to you first.
A disagreement
in front
of the most important
arts editor in town?
Great reboot, guys.
- Richard Francis is here?
- Yes.
Tell him
I'll be right out.
Keep him cool.
Can you please
just look at the song?
The show is about
Marilyn, not J.F.K.
I can't have two songs
about him.
I agree.
And Our little secret
is the one
that's actually
about Marilyn.
You're the director.
You decide.
And this time, maybe you'd like
to clue me in.
We are not losing
the Marilyn - J.F.K. number.
It's relevant to the story
that we're trying to tell.
This one is not.
I know.
[Sighs]
Uhh!
I promised Sam.
That promise
isn't even 12 hours old.
He'll understand.
What about the hat?
Too much Sammy,
not enough nat, right?
You going
to tell him?
Tell me what?
We cannot
put the number in.
That's...
That's not necessarily...
Tom, I just
left my job.
Tom.
I'm thinking.
Sam, um, we'll... we'll be back
in a little while.
- Okay...
- Come on, let's go for a walk.
- What?
- Just come on.
I tried, but I think
he needs to hear it from you.
Just show up at the audition.
Show him what you've got.
No, I don't want
to piss off Derek
and risk losing the part
I already have.
You're not asking him
to give you the part,
just a chance.
No.
He already said no.
I don't want
to push it.
He pushes us.
Okay, you'd be amazing.
We both know it.
Come on,
fight for it.
I still think
you have a shot.
You want me
to grow a pair,
how about you?
I'll talk to Derek
if you talk to Jimmy.
You really think
Derek is going to fold?
Scott doesn't want
his bells and whistles, either.
This theater is downtown.
It's not Broadway.
You told Scott
about it?
What choice
did I have?
I'm not going
to let Derek beat me.
"Beat you"?
Why are you
making this so personal?
Is this about Karen?
Oh, my God.
It so is.
Did something happen
between the two of you?
You remember when you thought
Karen and Derek were dating?
Yeah, well,
they weren't.
But he wants them
to be.
He told me last week
to stay away from her.
Are you going to?
- Hey.
- Oh, hey, buddy.
Thanks for showing Scott
my presentation.
Great news, he really
loves the LED screens.
When you're ready, we'll be doing
Voice in a dream, all right?
There's no new story here Eileen.
Producer and director at odds,
the last minute changes...
It's all been said.
Then say it
a new way!
I mean,
I need the press, Richard.
You could talk about how you
got your show back.
Well, that might
be a very interesting story,
but it
involves my daughter,
and I'm not about to drag her
through this.
That's too bad.
Mother and daughter
banding together
to save a show,
people eat that stuff up.
They do, don't they?
Thanks for your help,
Richard, very much.
Where are you going?
Keep your phone on.
I'm going
to get you a new story.
What are we doing
down here?
Are we buying pot?
I haven't done that
in years.
I'm proud of you.
The way you've stepped up
as director,
executing your vision
while making everyone feel
supported and heard,
it's amazing.
But...
But a director needs
to be a leader,
and a leader
makes hard decisions.
And when it comes
to hard decisions,
he's the best.
No, no, no.
They're in the wrong order.
Are you serious?
All right,
back to the top.
Oh, bloody hell!
The files are too big
for the system.
They keep crashing.
This is ridiculous.
It just needs
to get up and running.
We have three weeks
to rehearse.
Do you want
to spend the whole time
rebooting a computer?
What I don't want
is to show some kid
simply walking across the stage
for five minutes.
It's "some kid"
walking across a stage
to tell a girl
that he loves her.
If we can't get an audience
to care about that on its own,
one of us isn't very good
at his job.
So, what, you're saying
I can't direct this show?
No, I'm saying you hide
behind fancy screens
and orchestras
and clothes
because you have nothing else
up your sleeve.
What do you think, Karen?
Do we need any of this?
Oh, don't put her
in the middle.
I didn't.
You did.
Tell him
what you really think.
- Oh, shut up.
- Oh...
It's okay.
Go ahead.
It's...
Not right
for this show.
I'm sorry, Derek.
Pathetic,
the lot of you.
Hope you
enjoyed the show.
Scott?
What are you
doing here?
Well, you haven't been
returning my calls.
I've been busy.
Right.
Of course.
Sorry.
You're not still mad
about my play, are you?
I-I thought maybe,
and then I realized
that it was 15 years ago.
And I'm sure you understood
that anyone in my position
would have done
the same thing, and...
I wouldn't have.
It was Lincoln center.
You were my friend.
My friend
who promised me
I could direct that play
at the vineyard.
They offered me
Mike Nichols.
What should I have done?
You should have
said no.
It launched my career.
And almost ruined mine.
I promised them that play,
and I lost my slot.
I couldn't work
for a year.
And when I could,
it wasn't in New York.
You've had
a spectacular career.
Yeah, and it took me 15 years
to get back here.
So pardon me
if yours isn't the first face
I want to see.
The way you talked
to those actors in there...
Oh, God, seriously?
This now?
It was awesome.
You really don't care
what they think of you, do you?
No.
How do you sleep
at night,
knowing everybody
hates you?
I'm seriously asking.
Well... you realize
that having them respect you
is more important
than having them like you.
It's a lonely business,
Tom.
You can't be friends
with them.
I don't think
that's going to be a problem
for you and Jimmy.
[Laughs]
That one is killing me.
He's 24 years old,
and he's telling me
how to do my job.
[Laughs]
Reminds me of you
at that age.
Shut up.
I was not that bad.
You were worse.
Arrogant, stubborn,
full of huge ideas
that nobody believed in but you.
In the end,
you were right.
Maybe that kid
is the same.
Listen to him.
He's not your enemy.
[Sighs]
Derek is kind of slice ball, isn't he?
I don't get why Karen
hangs around him all the time.
Who should she be
hanging around?
Jimmy?
No.
That is not what I meant.
I didn't think so.
We've all wanted things
we can't have.
The trick is
to learn to let go
and enjoy the things
that you can have.
What's up?
I started out
in theaters like this.
Actually,
they were worse than this.
They were the sort of theaters
where the audience used
to walk across the stage
in the middle of the performance
to go to the toilet.
But I did some
of my best work in them.
I was innovative
'cause I had to be.
You know, I got bigger jobs,
more money, bigger sets.
And yes...
There is a very slim possibility
that you might have a point.
It's been a while since I had
to think outside the box.
Thanks.
So your show's not about
scenery or props or costumes,
so what is it about?
Two people
falling in love...
And what gets in the way
of that.
of love is...
Other people.
In my experience,
at least.
Great.
Well, let's
show that, then.
Okay, so we're halfway
through act one.
Jesse has just heard Amanda
singing a song on the radio,
a song that he wrote
that she stole.
But he's not angry.
He wants to see her again.
So he goes after her.
So stage right
is greenpoint,
where Jesse starts out.
Stage left is L.A.,
where Amanda is performing
her first big concert as Nina.
But the journey is tough.
There are many obstacles
in the way.
Obstacles?
Thank you.
Music track, please.
[ I heard your voice in a dream
playing]
♪
♪ I thought
I was hopeless ♪
I was broken ♪
♪ I struggled to laugh
when the whole room was joking ♪
♪ I'd wait in the cold
♪ but the door
wouldn't open ♪
♪ till I
♪ till I heard your voice
in a dream ♪
♪ and nothing
comes easy ♪
♪ when everyone's rushing
♪ the signal's got speed
♪ but there's
no real connection ♪
♪ I tried
reaching out ♪
♪ it was just my reflection
♪ till I
♪ till I heard your voice
in a dream ♪
All: ♪ so sing to me
♪ and I will forgive you
♪ for taking my heart
♪ in the suitcase
you packed ♪
♪ sing to me
♪ like the lights
didn't blind you ♪
♪ like you blinded me
♪ when I heard your voice
in a dream ♪
♪ and I could have
loved you ♪
♪ but you had the hunger
♪ for life
in the lights ♪
♪ so when they
called your number ♪
♪ I couldn't compete
♪ with the spell
you were under ♪
All: ♪ still I
♪ still I hear your voice
in my dreams ♪
♪ so sing to me
♪ and I will
forgive you ♪
♪ for taking my heart
♪ in the suitcase
you packed ♪
♪ sing to me
♪ like the lights
didn't blind you ♪
♪ like you blinded me
♪ when I heard your voice
in a dream ♪
♪ ooh, ooh,
ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ I thought
I could love you ♪
♪ but you
had the hunger ♪
♪ ooh, ooh,
ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ oh, nothing
comes easy ♪
♪ when everyone's rushing
♪ ooh, ooh,
ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ I thought
I could love you ♪
♪ I thought I could
love you ♪
[Cheers and applause]
Scott.
Just listen.
I can't pretend
that I'm not happy
that my first play
was done at Lincoln Center.
But if I'm
being honest,
I knew
what I did hurt you.
And instead of apologizing
back then,
I told myself
that it wasn't really that bad.
So here I am,
15 years too late,
saying I'm sorry.
Thanks.
Hey, Jules.
I heard about your split
from Frank.
I remember...
How in love you both were.
I'm sorry.
[Rock music playing]
You're right.
We're cowards.
What are you
talking about?
Using that bathroom
is the bravest thing
I've done in weeks.
I had to make mittens
out of paper towels.
I'm crazy about him.
Seeing him perform today
made it so clear.
Even right now,
watching him
hit on that guy
for Kyle has me all...
Melty.
- Then tell him.
- He's not into me.
Then you'll know.
And you'll cry,
and you'll hate him,
and then
you'll move on.
At least you
put yourself out there.
I'm scared.
What if I put myself
out there first?
Hey, you.
Look alive.
[Cymbals crash]
Derek Wills,
I am the one.
♪ If I were a boy
♪ even just for a day
♪ I'd roll out of bed
in the morning ♪
♪ and throw on
what I wanted ♪
♪ and go
♪ I'd drink beer
with the guys ♪
♪ and chase
after girls ♪
♪ I'd make out
with who I wanted ♪
♪ and never get busted
for it ♪
♪ 'cause they'd
stick up for me ♪
♪ if I were a boy
♪ I think
that I'd understand ♪
♪ how it feels
to love a girl ♪
♪ I swear
I'd be a better man ♪
♪ I'd listen to her
♪ 'cause I know
how it hurts ♪
♪ when you lose
the one you wanted ♪
♪ 'cause he's
taking you for granted ♪
♪ and everything you had
got destroyed ♪
♪ but you're just a boy
[cheers and applause]
Yeah.
Tom, what's the matter?
What's wrong?
I can't put that number
in Bombshell.
- Oh.
- I'm sorry.
Hmm.
I knew it.
You'd be amazing in it,
and I'd love to see you
do it someday,
but Julia's right.
The Kennedy number
is better for the show.
You know, I left my job
for this.
You left your job
because you're unhappy.
I left my job
for a lot of reasons.
And I thought you'd changed.
I thought you were
finally ready for this,
but you're
the same old Tom,
putting work before
what's really important.
Where are you going?
To see if I can get
my job back.
Oh, hey.
I had another idea...
A way to differentiate
between my Marilyn and Karen's.
I thought maybe we could redo
a couple of the costumes.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I was only thinking
maybe one or two.
They're perfect
the way they are.
We're also not going
to be able to work in
that break for you
in act two.
I'm sorry.
Can we at least
discuss it?
We just did.
Mm, but your note
about the catch breath,
that was spot-on.
Great job.
Places, everyone,
for the top.
Let's run the whole shebang,
no stopping.
How'd it go?
I cut it.
I know that was hard.
Yes, it was.
But it was also right.
Mm hmm.
I need you to take another
pass on the Gladys scenes.
- What?
- I know how much
they mean to you,
but I need them to be
a little more focused.
Take out the fat.
- Okay.
- By tonight.
Apparently, Eileen has
a name lined up.
She's on her way here now.
I'll go start on it now.
Good.
Relax for two minutes.
- I have some news.
- Lupone?
No, I want to go
in a new direction.
Leigh Conroy has agreed
to come out of retirement
and play the part of Gladys.
- Ivy's mother.
- It's a good story, Tom.
The New York Times has agreed
to announce it
as soon as we pull
the trigger.
That is, of course,
unless you think
Ivy might feel threatened.
[Indistinct chatter]
Do it.
- I'll make the call.
- All right.
Bobby, stop texting.
Places for real.
Everyone full out.
Don't let me see the mistakes.
I just paid 134.50 twice
and a babysitter.
Congratulations.
[Alternative rock music
playing]
You just became our diva.
[Laughs]
What? Hey.
I'm sorry
I didn't see it before.
I'll accept
if you buy me another drink.
Sure thing.
[Laughs]
So let me ask you
a serious question.
Should we have
one more drink?
Yeah, I think you've had
enough tonight.
Come on.
This is the first time
we've been out in ages,
and you've been
blowing me off lately.
Yeah, I know.
Why?
Do you like me or not?
- Of course I like you.
- No.
I mean, do you like me?
♪
Either of you guys
want a drink?
Walk me home.
Yeah, my pleasure.
Oh, hey,
is Ana going with you?
Uh, no, I think
she's taken care of.
As is Kyle.
See you
at rehearsals tomorrow.
Yeah, night.
Thanks for walking me home.
I can take it from here.
You sure?
Don't need
an escort upstairs?
[Laughs]
We could get another drink.
I know a spot
on the corner.
I have an early rehearsal
tomorrow,
and the director
is a control freak.
[Tender music]
Fair enough.
Good night.
Night.
♪
[Doorbell buzzes]
Fine, I guess I can handle
one more drink.
[Buzz]
[Knock at door]
That was fast.
What, did you run up here?
[Breathing hard]
Sync and corrected by dr.jackson
for www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org